my method of making a three break show
or any kind of a modal break shell
differs slightly from most of the ones
that I've seen most of the times you've
seen a multiple break shell most of the
time they you get a real nice big break
the first one the second one there are 1
fourth one whatever succeeding rigs all
tend to shoot out the end they get they
deteriorate as they go down well way I
do mine I make them all as a like a
single break shell i String it paste it
just like a regular shell then I join
them all together with the plug now this
gives integrity to the shell makes it a
much harder break and all the breaks
look the same
pull it tight work all the air bubbles
out of it and just roll it up there we
got one and a half turns on there are
actually about one-third two-thirds
maybe now normally we will be setting
this aside a day to dry so that you
won't won't get pasted in airing all
over you which is what's going to happen
now
and they can tend to be a little
slippery now what I do mind some other
people I've seen they take one of these
pieces of match now put it on the side
like that all I take two doesn't hurt
like I said it's very cheap insurance
and you got to check your dexterity
because sometimes it's hard to hold it
up there while you're trying to tie the
night
and I take a few turns around there to
make sure everything's nice and tight
and I tie it off again okay who wants to
carry this around there it is a finished
free break show two breaks of color to
report
thank you thank you